Readme file (#21)
ESI-FAR/h2-scenario-explorer: README.md

# H2-scenarios Explorer

H2-scenarios Explorer is a web visualization tool that allows users to explore different hydrogen (H2) penetration scenarios for the Netherlands. Developed by the eScience Center Amsterdam for TU Delft, this project provides interactive insights and visualizations to help understand potential future scenarios for H2 utilization.

## Features

- **Interactive Exploration:** Dive into various H2 penetration scenarios with dynamic visualizations.
- **Scenario Comparison:** Compare different parameters and outcomes to understand their impacts.

## Troubleshooting
If you encounter any issues while installing or using H2-scenarios Explorer:

- Search Existing Issues: Check the GitHub Issues page to see if your problem has already been reported.

- Open a New Issue: If you cannot find a solution, please open a new issue and provide a detailed description of your problem, including any error messages, steps to reproduce the issue, and relevant system details.

## License

> This project is licensed under the MIT License. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 software license. 
```

## Acknowledgements

> - eScience Center Amsterdam: For developing and supporting H2-scenarios Explorer.
> 
> - TU Delft: for the scientific contribution and guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Netherlands eScience Center, Amsterdam: For developing and supporting H₂-scenarios Explorer.

- TU Delft: for the scientific contribution and feedback.
```
